We are a team of developers who are passionate about cryptocurrency and its potential to change the world. We are dedicated to creating quality software that will help advance the cryptocurrency industry.



Our team has a wealth of experience in developing software for a variety of industries. We are confident in our ability to create high-quality software that will meet the needs of our clients.



We are committed to providing excellent customer service and making sure that our clients are satisfied with our work. We believe that cryptocurrencies have the potential to change the world, and we are excited to be a part of this revolution.



Stacy Lambe

She is the artist behind the logo for Cryptonaut. Cryptonaut is a software company that makes cryptocurrency-related products.

Stacy has over 10 years of experience as a web designer and developer. Her first exposure to Bitcoin came in 2010, when she found out about it from a family member who was interested in cryptography. Stacy currently lives in Massachusetts with her husband and two children.

greg rutkowski

He is an artist  and freelance graphic designer with a background in print and packaging design. He has been interested in cryptocurrencies since 2012, and is very excited by their potential to change finance in major ways.

greg lives and works in Chicago and spends most of his time drawing pictures when he's not working on Cryptonaut projects.

michael russo

Michael Russo is a software developer who believes in the power of cryptocurrency to revolutionize the way that money works. He has worked on various cryptocurrency projects, including BitMesh and web wallets for various cryptocurrencies.

Michael lives in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania with his wife and infant daughter.

joseph mcnamara

Joseph McNamara is passionate about open-source software and cryptocurrency. He is an experienced software developer who has worked on several successful projects in the past, including web wallets for cryptocurrencies and other types of open-source software.

Joseph lives with his wife in Massachusetts. They have three sons.

Write more...



We are committed to providing excellent customer service and making sure that our clients are





Greg Lutsoki 



Greg is a passionate developer who loves working with the open source community. His favorite type of software to work on is web applications, and he's particularly excited about blockchain technology. He believes that cryptocurrencies represent a quantum leap in how we think about economics, money, and human interaction.



Tamara Mayfield

Tamara is a copywriter for Cryptonaut. She has over seven years of experience in the marketing industry, working with both agencies and clients to create compelling content for web design and technology companies. Tamara studied English at Towson University and currently lives in Maryland.



Nathan Hirsch

Nathan is a software engineer at Cryptonaut. He specializes in JavaScript development and has been working with cryptocurrency technologies for several years. Nathan lives in Washington State with his wife, where he enjoys spending time on the water, playing music, and traveling.



Kristina Hirsch

She's a project manager at Cryptonaut. Sometimes, she also helps out with tech support. You can ask her about anything from tech or project management.

Kristina loves learning about cryptocurrency and its potential to make the world a better place. She believes that it's important for everyone to have access to money that gives them true financial freedom, and she feels fortunate to be a part of



write a landing page description for a NFT project

NFTs are digital assets that represent unique, rare and unreplicable things. They can be used to represent anything from physical collectibles, like a custom-made toy, to experiences, like a trip to Japan. NFTs on the blockchain can be traded securely and easily, making them perfect for collectors and investors. Our project is the first ever platform specifically designed for managing and trading NFTs. We provide users with an easy way to create and manage their own collections, as well as trade with other collectors around the world. With our platform, anyone can become a collector of digital treasures!

Attention: Do you like to cook?



Interest: If so, then you know how frustrating it can be when your kitchen utensils are all over the place. You’ll never have that problem again with this NFT project called “Kitchen Utensil”! It will help keep your cooking area clean and organized while also looking super cool in the metaverse. And best of all, it won’t take up any space on your inventory! What more could you ask for?



Desire: This is a great gift for anyone who loves to cook or wants to make their kitchen look extra nice. So what are you waiting for? Get yours today before they sell out! There are only 100 available so act fast before they run out forever. Don't miss out on this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!

- The Metaverse's favorite kitchen utensils

- Cooking with the best tools in the Metaverse

- Get your utensils today and be a part of history

- Get the kitchen utensils of your dreams

- Cook like a king in the Metaverse

- The most important tools for your next cookout

- Get the Metaverse kitchen utensils

- The only kitchen utensils you'll need for the Metaverse

- Cooking in the Metaverse is a lot easier with our utensils



join our discord for  more information

Kitchen Utensils is the first ever platform specifically designed for managing and trading NFTs. We provide users with an easy way to create and manage their own collections, as well as trade with other collectors around the world. With our platform, anyone can become a collector of digital treasures!

We are releasing 100 Kitchen Utensils. They are very limited, so act fast before they sell out!

Kitchen Utensils won't take up any space on your inventory!

Cooking with the best tools in the Metaverse. Get yours today before it's too late! There are only 100 utensils available in total, and we're reducing that number by 10 every  hour. Once they're gone, they're gone for good!

Join our Discord server to get access to  more info about Kitchen Utensils. These utensils are the first Crypto collectibles that can be used in real life - your kitchen won't be complete without them!

Kitchen Utensils is launching soon 



read our white paper



watch our demo video

- Our website is the best place to learn more about us - https://cryptonaut.world/ 

We are raising funds for this project through our TGE (Token Generation Event) happening right now until January 15th, 2019. Come check it out! Also, follow
